Add instructions about disposal of image handle. (#237)
dart-lang/leak_tracker: doc/leak_tracking/TROUBLESHOOT.md

### 3. The test is leaking Image, ImageInfo or ImageStreamCompleterHandle

If your test is creating images that are designed to stay in the cache,
you need to invoke `imageCache.clear()` after the test.

Add it to:
* `tearDownAll` to optimize for testing performance
* `tearDown` to optimize for test isolation

Sometimes `imageCache.clear()` does not dispose images handle, but schedules dispocal
no happen after rendering cyscles completion. 

> If this is a case, `imageCache.clear()` needs to happen as last statemdne of test,
> instead of tear down, to allow the cycles to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is a case, `imageCache.clear()` needs to happen as last statement of the test,
instead of in tear down, to allow the cycles to happen.
```
